Yeah. I just want to go back to the
biometric and identity system
upgrade.
Mm-hmm.
There have been a number of reports, we understand, independent
reviews that have warned about delivery risks.
Mm-hmm.
And I wonder if you could tell us what the key risks
are that were identified.
Mm-hmm.
And whether any milestones have slipped in
implementation so far.
Yes. So the original identity program has been going for
some time, as you know, and I think I mentioned earlier, and this is our risk with
ADEPT as well, technology moves really quickly.
And so, the system that we were building,
there were risks around delivery, and it's such an important
part of the immigration system and the integrity of our system. So we need to be...
Well, you can never be 100% sure with an IT program, hey, but you need to be as
sure as we can be that it's not just fit for identity measures now, but
fit for the future. So, the original program, we still
have an identity program, but we're,
morphing is the wrong word, but actually we're working with DIA and others about
what does New Zealand need for identity going forward.
And we think that there may be a better all of government solution.
So we're kind of exploring that as well.
So that's why it's taking so long-
Mm-hmm
... because it's such an important part of the system.
Why haven't the full review reports been released
publicly?
Well, I don't know, actually, why they haven't been.
Because the reviews have just kind of been of the program as we've gone along to
help and guide us. So we haven't actually needed to have a public
review as such, but-
Well, why don't we look into that?
Yeah.
And as Alison says, we're in the process of working out what the program looks like
going forward. So it may be that once some of those decisions are made, we can
release some, a number of those.
If you could come back to us on that.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Yep